actually as you could see Jimmy you are
the main Russian though you're in one of
your swanky suits but as you can see
pulled your trousers down and you pushed
your testicles out part of it and so
inside Jimmy is Rachel
as you can see Rachel is holding some
toilet rolls under our arms and because
she steals the toilet roll after show
which she's pissed up inside rachel is
Susie now as you all know Susie's
pervert we have a peeping tom that's why
she's wearing some binoculars and she's
holding a pegar camera the region she's
holding a Polaroid camera is because she
does this thing where she'll kick your
dressing-room door down try and take a
picture of you when you change it I
spoke as a child but they're scared of
her temper and then finally John
a life-sized John yeah sort of
self-explanatory as you see they need
toilets or pajamas because he struggles
to get adult clothes to fit does
everyone okay open it recording Tom
Ellen concert used to dress in Victorian
clothing as a teenager to disguise the
fact he was gay yeah Tom fell from
office endlessness look at Tom tell me
about your love life how's it all going
that's very personal question actually
Jimmy fact recently I've been dumped but
it's fine it's fine it was a mutual
decision for him to dump me no we both
sort of realized it wasn't working
unfortunately we realized at different
times he realized some weeks before I
realized told me but it's five five you
know other good things we have I've got
one of these things now which tells me
how my heart's doing yes still broken
top of the show it's fired up happy
okay I will come of course it stood
against speed is written 14 books about
the derivation that was and you can find
them all in your local library just ask
for the sleepy go bye-bye section okay
Susie what have you been looking into
recently other than glory hole
okay now what have you been looking into
recently I think this is all the effect
that we are all